Backport changes for Jetpack 14.0-a.7 (#39855)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/CHANGELOG.md

### This is a list detailing changes for all Jetpack releases.

## 14.0-a.7 - 2024-10-21
### Enhancements

> - Newsletters: Add an e-mail preview option to the preview menu. [#39782]
> - Newsletters: Allow skipping newsletter modals with a URL query param. [#39644]
> 
> ### Improved compatibility
> - General: Ensure the notice displayed when running an old version of WordPress can always be displayed without errors. [#39745]
> - Plugin action links filters: Update parameter to avoid conflicts with other plugins. [#39681]
> 
> ### Bug fixes
> - Map Block: Fix issue where blocks placed underneath would overlap with the map block. [#39744]
> - Newsletters: Fix use excerpt setting. [#39815]
> 
> ### Other changes <!-- Non-user-facing changes go here. This section will not be copied to readme.txt. -->
> - Map Block: Display a static map image when the block is rendered in a pattern preview. [#39768]
> - Map: Remove preview attribute. [#39768]
> - Newsletters: Fix 'class Jetpack_Subscriptions_Widget not found' fatal error during REST API. [#39765]
> - Slideshow Block: Fix console warning related to images with the same key. [#39821]
> - Story Block: Avoid error when previewing block styles in development version of the Gutenberg plugin. [#39807]
> - Story Block: Fix console warning related to 'key' not being a prop. [#39822]
> - Tests: Fix unit tests. [#39799]
> - Update VideoPress notice URL on Media Library. [#39731]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Newsletters: Add an email preview option to the preview menu. [#39782]
- Newsletters: Allow skipping newsletter modals with a URL query param. [#39644]

### Improved compatibility
- General: Ensure notice displays when running an old version of WordPress without errors. [#39745]
- Plugin action links filters: Update parameter to avoid conflicts with other plugins. [#39681]

### Bug fixes
- Map Block: Fix issue where blocks placed underneath would overlap with the map block. [#39744]
- Newsletters: Fix "Use excerpt" setting. [#39815]

### Other changes <!-- Non-user-facing changes go here. This section will not be copied to readme.txt. -->
- Map Block: Display a static map image when the block is rendered in a pattern preview. [#39768]
- Map: Remove preview attribute. [#39768]
- Newsletters: Fix 'class Jetpack_Subscriptions_Widget not found' fatal error during REST API. [#39765]
- Slideshow Block: Fix console warning related to images with the same key. [#39821]
- Story Block: Avoid error when previewing block styles in development version of the Gutenberg plugin. [#39807]
- Story Block: Fix console warning related to 'key' not being a prop. [#39822]
- Tests: Fix unit tests. [#39799]
- Update VideoPress notice URL on Media Library. [#39731]
```
